CTF Name: - Bounty Hacker

Category: - Boot to Root Machine
Difficulty: - Easy
Website: - TryHackMe

Description: - 

You were boasting on and on about your elite hacker skills in the bar and a few Bounty Hunters decided they'd take you up on claims! 
Prove your status is more than just a few glasses at the bar. I sense bell peppers & beef in your future!

Part 01: - Gaining Access Machine

The first part was the nmap scan to find the number of ports and services available. The service i found was the http, ssh and ftp 
which was runing on different ports. So i checked outy the http which was useless with no tips so i decided to go with the 
ftp i did nmap enumeration to find that ftp had ananomyous login on which means i can gain access if i went with anonymous login
into the system which means username and password would be "Anonmyous". So i did ftp command and i gained the login which gave me 
all the files which were locks.txt and tasks.txt. I did cat command to check both the file found that username was "LIN" and
locks.txt was the password wordlists. SO i used hydra to brute force into ssh with username being "LIN" and password worldist being
locks.txt i got the password and got into the ssh with help of that.

Part 02: - Privilage escalation

I got the shell and using ls command to get user.txt which game the user flag. Now checking the sudo misconfiguration i tried using
sudo -l which game me that /bin/tar might have a way to escalate privilages so i used GTFOBins to escalate so using the command i got
from GTFOBins i got the root access which was much easier than i thought i went to /root folder and cat root.txt to get the final
flag. Note: - while sudo -l it asks for passwords give it the same password that was cracked ssh using hydra sometimes it has some 
issues just restart the machine it will work it may work.

Commands and Tools used: -

Nmap scan: - nmap -sV -sS MachineIP -oN firstnmap.txt

FTP enumeration: - nmap -sV -sC MachineIP

FTP command in ftp shell: - get locks.txt and get tasks.txt

Hydra: - hydra -l LIN -P locks.txt Machine IP -t 4 ssh

GTFOBIns: - sudo tar -cf /dev/null /dev/null --checkpoint=1 --checkpoint-action=exec=/bin/sh

Flags: -

user.txt: - THM{CRIME_SYNDICATE}

root.txt: - THM{BOUNTY_hacKer}
